In the Dart DevTools, we also have more options here at the top.
We're currently in the Flutter inspector with all these tools,
now there you always have a timeline,
this can be useful for recording your app, if I now tap here, you see some bars appear here,
this can also be great for basically debugging performance but you should do that in production mode,
not in debug mode,
we even get a warning here that this is not really a good indicator for how our app would perform
once we ship it to an app store
but once we do have it in production mode, we can test it here with the timeline and basically get another
tool for understanding the performance of our app.
We can also spot its memory consumption, which can be useful for detecting memory leaks if that keeps on
growing over time and it never frees up memory, then you might have some spots in your code where you
maybe store data that you never use thereafter but you will also never let go of, also something
we'll have a look at later in the course. And then here, last but not least, logging shows you some log
messages.
Well typically, that's not too useful but from time to time, you might find some useful information in
here that you're interested in.
The most important tool however is your debug console here and for visual debugging, the Flutter inspector
with the tools I walked you through in this module.